---
There are quite a few password management applications available already, but I think I'd like it if this press release could highlight that Master Password is different from how users have so far been helped with their password needs.  Master Password takes away even more of the dependence on technology by being little more than the implementation of an algorithm; no storage or trust needed.

Additionally, it may be a good idea to highlight that Master Password also relieves the burden on users for thinking of good passwords.  The user's flow for registering yet another account with a new site is now, Open Master Password, type in site name, copy generated password to site registration form.  No more "gah, what password am I going to use for this thing?".

Would this also be a good image to include?
http://masterpassword.lyndir.com/img/ComparisonOfPasswordSolutions.png

I also have:
http://masterpassword.lyndir.com/img/SolvingThePasswordProblem.png
---

HEADLINE (72 characters max; "&" ampersand not permitted):

Master Password 1.2 for iOS - One Password to Rule Them All




SUMMARY (500 characters max):

Lyndir today introduces Master Password 1.2 for iOS, a password management application that creates unique and secure password information for websites, email addresses, computers, alarm systems, bike locks, gaming portals, and more. Employing a special algorithm designed by Lyndir for creating unique and secure passwords for any purpose, users of Master Password only need to remember one master password to access all of their passwords, as they may be generated on-demand by the application.




BODY:

Sint-Amandsberg, Belgium - Lyndir today is pleased to introduce Master Password 1.2 for iOS, their password management application that creates unique passwords, enabling users to have secure login information for email addresses, computers, home alarm systems, bike locks, gaming portals, and more. Employing Lyndir's custom designed algorithm for creating unique and secure passwords for any purpose, this app uses only two pieces of information to create random, secure passwords. Users of Master Password only need to remember one master password to access all of their passwords, as secure passwords may be generated on-demand by the application.
[Ghent, Belgium - Lyndir today is pleased to introduce Master Password 1.2 for iOS, their password management application that creates unique passwords, enabling users to have secure login information for websites, email addresses, computers, home alarm systems, bike locks, gaming portals, and more. Employing Lyndir's custom designed algorithm for creating unique and secure passwords for any purpose, this app uses only two pieces of information to create unique and secure passwords. Users of Master Password only need to remember one master password to access all of their passwords, as secure passwords may be generated on-demand by the application.]

Forgetting a password can be a frustrating and time-wasting process. In addition, trying to manage a collection of password information for numerous websites, emails, bank accounts, home alarms, and more, can be confusing. Master Password eliminates frustration and confusion by providing one reference point for all a user's passwords. With a custom, proprietary algorithm, Master Password creates unique and secure passwords for any purpose. 

Having the name of the site or item a user wishes to create a password for and a master password, the application can generate a secure password, even if the user has forgotten the current password. Practically, this means that users of Master Password avoid the need to remember multiple passwords, since they can be generated on-demand by the application. And users need never worry about losing their passwords, since it can always be re-generated. Even a lost iPhone cannot curtail Master Password, as users can access their account from any other device that has the Master Password application installed.
[Having the name of the site or item a user wishes to create a password for and a master password, the application can generate a secure password, even if the user has forgotten the current password. Practically, this means that users of Master Password avoid the need to remember multiple passwords, since they can be generated on-demand by the application. And users need never worry about losing their passwords, since they can always be re-generated. Even a lost iPhone cannot curtail Master Password, as users can access their account from any other device that has the Master Password application installed.]

Master Password's intuitive interface walks the user through the process of changing the passwords on all of their accounts and items, to secure random passwords generated by the application. Users are prompted to choose one master password that will be used to generate or securely encrypt all other passwords. This is the only password that a user will need to remember to access all others. Adding new sites or items to generate passwords is quick and easy. Users simply type the name of the site and Master Password will generate a password. Master Password includes presets that allow users to comply with password policies. Users may easily generate passwords of 4, 8 or 14 characters as well as 4 numbers for PINs. Users may also add user-specified custom passwords.
[Master Password's intuitive interface walks the user through the process of changing the passwords on all of their accounts and items, to secure passwords generated by the application. Users are prompted to choose one master password that will be used to generate or securely encrypt all other passwords. This is the only password that a user will need to remember to access all others. Adding new sites or items to generate passwords is quick and easy. Users simply type the name of the site and Master Password will generate a password. Master Password includes presets that allow users to comply with password policies. Users may easily generate passwords of 4, 8 or 14 characters as well as 4 numbers for PINs. Users may also add user-specified custom passwords.]

Feature Highlights:
* One master password to generate all other passwords
* Application is locked, preventing unwanted access
* Keep logins safe with newly generated passwords
* Sync with iCloud to manage passwords on Mac
* Export passwords at any time
[* Export passwords for a personal backup copy]?  -- The export feature's primary use is to enable "data liberation".  You can backup your list of names that you have passwords for in a way that you can manage yourself where you store it, and you can also export all your passwords so that you're not dependent on Master Password for generating them for you, should you not like to depend on a program.
* Presets make password policy compliance effortless

Master Password can generate passwords of different types and formats to accommodate most password restriction policies. When the algorithm is not suited for a site's password needs (i.e., the user is given a password for a certain site and cannot set their own), the Master Password application can also store the user's custom password in a way that encrypts the password using the user's master password.
[Master Password can generate passwords of different types and formats to accommodate most password restriction policies (e.g., the site may require that the password contain only letters or no symbols, or must be shorter than 10 characters). When the algorithm is not suited for a site's password needs (i.e., the user is given a password for a certain site and cannot set their own), the Master Password application can also store the user's custom password in a way that encrypts the password using the user's master password.] -- feel free to edit.

Master Password also comes with an OS X counterpart, which will allow all Master Password users to access their passwords from their Macs, as well as their mobile devices. This creates the opportunity to access passwords from Mac computers or iOS mobile devices at home or on the go. The OS X version will be available shortly after the release of the iOS version on the App Store.

"Never worry about losing or forgetting a password again," stated Lyndir's founder, Maarten Billemont. "Master Password protects your online and offline life with exclusive passwords."

Device Requirements:
* iPhone, iPad, or iPod touch with iOS 5.0
* Mac OS X 10.7 or later
* ??? MB
[* ??? MB] -- I don't think this is relevant.  Apple tries its best to hide memory information on iOS devices because users shouldn't care, and the Mac application is so tiny it makes no dent.

Pricing and Availability:
Master Password 1.2 is $8.99 (USD) and available worldwide exclusively through the App Store in the Utilities category. Review copies are available on request.




EXTRA LINKS (6 links only; please, no duplicates or redirects):

Lyndir
http://www.lyndir.com

Master Password 1.2
http://masterpassword.lyndir.com

Purchase and Download
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx

Screenshot
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx

App Icon
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx




TAGS (limit 5 or 55 characters max):

Password, Secure, Login, Accounts, iOS




COMPANY INFO:

Based in Sint-Amandsberg, Belgium, Lyndir was founded by Maarten Billemont in 2010. Lyndir focuses on design and development of secure and beautiful web and mobile applications. Copyright (C) 2010-2012 Lyndir. All Rights Reserved. Apple, the Apple logo, iPhone, and iPod are registered trademarks of Apple Inc. in the U.S. and/or other countries. Other trademarks and registered trademarks may be the property of their respective owners.




CONTACT INFO:

Maarten Billemont
Sole Proprietor
<<auto-generated-phone>>
<<auto-generated-country>>
lhunath@lyndir.com



