

HEADLINE (72 characters max; "&" ampersand not permitted):

Master Password 1.2 for iOS - A Revolution in Password Management




SUMMARY (500 characters max):

Lyndir today introduces Master Password 1.2 for iOS, a password management application that's different. Employing a special algorithm designed by Lyndir that creates unique and secure passwords for any purpose, Master Password helps its users to use good passwords and makes them practically immune to loss or theft. Master Password generates passwords on-demand, without requiring anything to be saved on the device or in the cloud.




BODY:

Ghent, Belgium - Lyndir today is pleased to introduce Master Password 1.2 for iOS, their password management application that creates unique passwords, enabling users to have secure login information for websites, email addresses, computers, home alarm systems, bicycle locks, gaming portals, and more. Employing Lyndir's custom designed algorithm for creating unique and secure passwords for any purpose, this app uses only a few memorable pieces of information to create unique and secure passwords. Users of Master Password only need to remember one "master" password to access all of their passwords, as secure passwords may be generated on-demand by the application.

Master Password is different from other vault-like password solutions. It allows users to set secure passwords, and at the same time makes losing passwords almost impossible. Built upon security algorithms such as scrypt and HMAC-SHA256, the user's master password is kept safe even if websites are hacked. A topic very much in the news lately, LinkedIn, eHarmony, and Last.FM have all announced breaches that compromised millions of passwords. These breaches have leaked "hashes" of user's passwords, which make it easy for attackers to determine the actual passwords if they are not sufficiently secure.

Forgetting a password can be a frustrating and time-wasting process. In addition, trying to manage a collection of password information for numerous websites, emails, bank accounts, home alarms, and more, can be confusing. Often, in an attempt to regain control, users give up on security and reuse a small set of passwords for all their password needs. Master Password eliminates frustration and confusion by providing one reference point for all a user's passwords. With an open, documented, and reviewed algorithm, Master Password creates unique and secure passwords for any purpose. Unlike password vaults built-into users' browsers and operating systems, Master Password has no need for storing these passwords anywhere, and therefore never runs the risk of losing the user's passwords.

Having a master password, the application can generate a personalized, secure password derived from the name of the site or item needing a password, which the user can then use and forget. Practically, this means that users of Master Password avoid the need to remember multiple passwords, since they can be generated on-demand by the application. And users need never worry about losing their passwords, since they can always be re-generated. Even a lost iPhone cannot curtail Master Password, as users can access their passwords from any other device that has the Master Password application installed, without any reliance on backups or online services, and without revealing these passwords to other users of the device.

Master Password's intuitive interface walks the user through a short guide on how to integrate the app into their daily workflow. The user subsequently enters their name and chooses a master password. This is the only password that the user will need to remember. Adding new sites or items to generate passwords for is quick and easy. Users simply type the name of the site and Master Password will generate a password. Master Password includes presets that allow users to comply with site's password policies. Users may easily generate passwords of different types and lengths up to 20 characters. Users may also add user-specified custom passwords.

Feature Highlights:
* One master password to generate all other passwords
* Application is locked, preventing unwanted access
* Keep logins safe with newly generated passwords
* Sync with iCloud to access passwords from Mac
* Export passwords for use as a personal backup copy
* Presets make password policy compliance effortless

Master Password can generate passwords of different types and formats to accommodate most password restriction policies (e.g., the site may require that the password contain only letters, no symbols, or be shorter than 10 characters). When the algorithm is not suited for a site's password needs (e.g., the user is given a password for a certain site and cannot set their own), the Master Password application can also store a user's custom password in a way that encrypts the password using the user's master password.

Master Password is a unique password solution that lets the user reduce his or her dependence on remote technologies - no storage or trust is needed. In addition, the app makes new registrations easy by relieving the user of the burden of thinking of a new password for each new site or account. Master Password generates and remembers passwords, so that the user does not have to.

Master Password also comes with an OS X counterpart, which will allow all Master Password users to access their passwords from their Macs, as well as their mobile devices. This creates the opportunity to access passwords from Mac computers or iOS mobile devices at home or on the go. The OS X version will be available shortly after the release of the iOS version on the App Store.

"Never worry about losing or forgetting a password again," stated Lyndir's founder, Maarten Billemont. "Master Password protects your online and offline life with exclusive passwords."

Device Requirements:
* iPhone, iPad, or iPod touch with iOS 5.0
* Mac OS X 10.7 or later
* 0.5 MB

Pricing and Availability:
Master Password 1.2 is $9.99 (USD) and available worldwide exclusively through the App Store in the Utilities category. Review copies are available on request.




EXTRA LINKS (6 links only; please, no duplicates or redirects):

Master Password 1.2
http://masterpassword.lyndir.com

Master Password Comparison Chart
http://masterpassword.lyndir.com/img/ComparisonOfPasswordSolutions.png

Purchase and Download
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxNOT YET LIVE
http://itunes.apple.com/app/id510296984

Press Kit
http://masterpassword.lyndir.com/MasterPassword_PressKit.zip

Screenshot
http://masterpassword.lyndir.com/img/screenshot.png

App Icon
http://masterpassword.lyndir.com/img/iTunesArtwork-Rounded.png




TAGS (limit 5 or 55 characters max):

Password, Security, Login, Accounts, iOS




COMPANY INFO:

Based in Ghent, Belgium, Lyndir was founded by Maarten Billemont in 2010. Lyndir focuses on design and development of secure and beautiful web and mobile applications. Copyright (C) 2010-2012 Lyndir. All Rights Reserved. Apple, the Apple logo, iPhone, and iPod are registered trademarks of Apple Inc. in the U.S. and/or other countries. Other trademarks and registered trademarks may be the property of their respective owners.




CONTACT INFO:

Maarten Billemont
Sole Proprietor
<<auto-generated-phone>>
<<auto-generated-country>>
masterpassword@lyndir.com




